c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\CharcoalEngine.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\CharcoalEngine.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\obj\Debug\CharcoalEngine.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\obj\Debug\CharcoalEngine.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\obj\Debug\CharcoalEngine.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\obj\Debug\CharcoalEngine.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\CharcoalEngine\obj\Debug\CharcoalEngine.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
