c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SceneTest.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SceneTest.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CharcoalEngine.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Jitter.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SimpleEditor.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CharcoalEngine.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SimpleEditor.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SimpleEditor.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Jitter.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\obj\x86\Debug\SceneTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\obj\x86\Debug\SceneTest.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\obj\x86\Debug\SceneTest.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Control Textures\arrow.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\NDT_Effect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\NormalPixelMapEffect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\PointLightEffect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\ShadowMapEffect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\SpotLightEffect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Effects\TextureEffect.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Font.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Models\cylinder10uR.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Models\particleplane.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Models\pyramid10uR.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Models\sphere.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ModelTextures\smoke.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CharcoalEngine_Monogame\SceneTest\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ModelTextures\Pixel.xnb
